Jupyter Cell Embedding docs (#654)
quarto-dev/quarto-web: docs/prerelease/1.3/embed.qmd

## Overview

Starting in Quarto 1.3, you can include the output of an external Jupyter notebook in a Quarto document with the `embed` shortcode. To embed a notebook cell, provide the path to a Jupyter Notebook and a cell identifier. For example, using this notebook called `penguins.ipynb` has a cell labelled `fig-bill-scatter`:

> ![](images/notebook-simple.png){fig-alt="A screenshot of a Jupyter Notebook with the name 'penguins.ipynb', with a cell highlighted that has the code chunk option label set to fig-bill-scatter. Below the cell is a plot that has been output."}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](images/notebook-simple.png){fig-alt="A screenshot of a Jupyter Notebook with the name 'penguins.ipynb', with a cell highlighted that has the code chunk option label set to fig-bill-scatter. Below the cell is the resulting plot."}
```

1.  **Cell `id`**\
    First, the cell metadata will be checked for a matching `id`. ([Cell IDs](https://jupyter.org/enhancement-proposals/62-cell-id/cell-id.html) are a newer feature of Jupyter Notebooks that are not yet well supported in Jupyter front ends, but `id` is checked first to allow for future compatibility as they become more common).
2.  **Label**\
    If no cell with a matching `id` is found, Quarto will use a cell that has a `label` in the code metadata which matches the cell identifier.
3.  **Tags**\
    If no cell has been found, Quarto will use a cell or cell(s) whose tag matches the cell identifier.

### Cell Tags

For example, to embed the output of a cell that you have given the tag `bill-ratio` within Jupyter Lab:

![](images/notebook-tag.png){.border fig-alt="Screenshot of a code cell in a Jupyter Notebook with the cell tags open in the cell toolbar and displaying the tag 'bill-ratio'."}

You would use the following embed:

``` markdown
{{< embed penguins.ipynb#bill-ratio >}}
```

Which results in the following output:

{{< embed penguins.ipynb#bill-ratio >}}

## Embedding Code {#embedding-code}

> You may include the code from a cell along with the output by using the `echo=true` option. For example, to include the code and the plot from the cell labelled `species-counts` the embed would be:

Reviewer: Is it `echo: true` or `echo=true`?

Reviewer 2: It should be `echo=true` since its in a short code rather than in a cell option

Reviewer: got it, thanks!
